VISAKHAPATNAM
Kingpin Logistics.
Simon, under this company's name...
...has leased the entire port
for 99 years from the Government.
His company has 14,000 staff members
working from top to bottom.
They conduct a thorough security check,
confiscate employees' phones,
and then allow entry.
It's because...
Under the pretense of logistics,
they're importing and exporting
gold and electronics.
Their primary imported products
are watches.
Luxury watches.
Their value surpasses
that of gold and diamonds.
But low-risk business.
They perform health check-ups
for employees who are newly appointed.
Until now, I have no idea why
they conduct health check-ups--
It's not for the record.
It's only for internal purposes.
Keep talking.
Sir, as far as I've observed...
Aiyappan is in charge of loading,
unloading, and handling money.
Karthi manages the labourers.
Saravanan handles transportation
and miscellaneous.
-Their head of operations is--
-One minute!
Stop recording.
It sounds about right.
Eight years ago,
a constable went undercover.
For a year,
he passed on information diligently.
After that, we have no idea
what happened to him.
Later, that team was dismantled too.
First, find him, and we'll get
all the necessary information.
There's a person named Dayalan at the port.
If what you're saying is true,
then it's highly unlikely
someone could be alive.
Dayal!
After Simon, he's the first in command
and manages the entire port.
If he thinks anyone is trouble
for the business,
he'll eliminate them without hesitation.
You can't even find any trace of it.
All these years,
there has been no competition
for him or Simon's business.
In just a year and a half,
I'm all worn out, sir.
There's no way anyone has been
an informer for the past eight years.
-Do you know what it's worth?
-I don't know.
It's worth two crores.
How dare you shove it in your back?
Shove it in the front.
Sorry, brother.
Come. Come on. Come.
Brother, brother, brother.
I'm sorry, brother.
Brother, brother, brother...
I couldn't gather
much information about Simon.
He seldom visits the port.
His son, Arjun, is a Customs Officer.
I reckon he's not that interested
in his father's business.
But he helps them smoothly
without Government interference.
I don't think their growth is
solely due to this network.
They're running something huge
in the background.
If we wish to know about it...
...we must have access
to the restricted area.
This is all the information I could
gather in a year and a half.
It's been a year
since I met my family.
It'll be great if you could
relieve me at the earliest.
-You may leave. I'll keep you posted.
-Okay, sir.
-Hey, Palanisamy.
-Yes, sir.
Be safe.
Also, if you find anything about Informer,
contact us.
Sure, sir!
-Did Arjun come over?
-I don't think so, sir.
-They got a tip about the informer.
-Is it?
Stay alert.
Sir, please don't call me anymore.
If there's anything, I'll call you.
-Any update on the documents?
-We'll talk about it later. Hang up.
Hey, stop!
-Sir, good morning.
-Hmm.
The Nashik shipment is arriving.
Shut down Terminal-4.
Brother, Arjun, sir, is here.
-Hello, Arjun, sir.
-Welcome, sir.
-Where is Dayal?
-Dayal is eating inside.
Operation department.
Operation department!
Coolie No: 837
COOLIE NO: 837
It's me, sir.
Sir.
Catch!
I did nothing--
-I did not do anything, sir.
-Come with me.
I did not do anything, sir.
Sir, I did not make any mistake.
Sir, everyone's looking.
Please let go of me.
Sir, I did nothing.
I did not make any mistake.
I won't ask you anything.
Come clean.
Sir, I don't get you.
I did nothing.
You don't get me?
-Now, you'll get me.
-He's on the phone.
Listen!
Listen, who are these people?
-I'm petrified.
-Mom.
-Mom!
-Why are they here?
Sir, I don't know who they are.
He doesn't know them.
-Kill them both.
-Take your hands off me.
Hey! Hey! Let go of my daughter.
-Oh, no, what's happening?
-Dhana!
Dhana, don't be afraid.
They can't harm you.
Take care of our daughter.
-Dhana!
-Where are you?
Hey, please don't harm her.
-Oh, no, please don't.
-Don't harm them.
Dhana, don't be afraid.
They won't harm you.
[knife slashing]
-Mom!
-Dhana!
Kuttimaa!
Take a look.
True identity is coming out.
The Police in him is coming out.
I'll show what the consequences are
when the Police infiltrate.
I want to clarify something for everyone.
Another rat like him
from the Police is still among us.
The rat won't reveal itself.
But if you figure out
who's the rat among you...
...and bring him to me...
Hey, pull up the board.
Among the 14,400 employees...
...the reward for the one labourer
I'm looking for.
CHENNAI
Yeah!
Hey, we found it.
Is it the mansion where boys
are decorating it with flowers?
Hang up!
We're coming inside.
They're from my hometown.
-Welcome!
-Please guide them.
What's your purpose of visit?
We're preparing for UPSC exams.
We need a room to stay in.
Room?
For others,
the rent is 2500 rupees per month.
However, for students,
the cost is 750 rupees per month.
It includes three free meals daily.
Solely because of Brother's order.
Okay?
750 per month sounds cheap.
Rent is cheap.
First, read the rules listed on the board,
and then we'll discuss.
-No liquor.
-No mixing liquor in cold drink bottles.
Hey, who's that staggering?
Stop and check him.
Dude, they're using
a breathalyzer to check.
Whack him and make him sleep
outside the mansion.
Okay, brother. Hey, get out!
-Brother!
-Yes, tell me.
Isn't it a Mansion?
But the rules are like a hostel.
It's hostel in the pretense of Mansion.
Drinking is not permitted
according to the rules.
Okay?
You must wonder why the
mansion looks celebratory.
Is it your wedding?
Don't remind me of my marriage.
Today is Mansion Day.
-Hello, Dinesh.
-Morning, brother.
His brother, Ganesh, works for Sun Music.
Even if you wake at midnight and
request a song, he'll play it for you.
They're all Brother's friends.
Ensure that you show them respect.
Brother has control of the TV
in the mansion.
He picks the song.
That song will be the only one
played throughout the mansion.
Your room is the last one on this side.
In the morning, I will assign
a room downstairs to one of you.
Hey, shush!
What happened?
Listen closely.
Don't approach or make noise
near this room.
-Who stays in this room?
-Shut up, you moron!
Come on. Walk silently.
Slow, slow, slow.
Hey, moron, move it.
Hey, look, the vintage phone.
-Hey, put the phone down.
-Why?
Step back.
You're not allowed to touch this phone
Neither you nor anyone else should make
a call or have someone call you on this.
Because it's Brother's personal number.
Understand?
This is your last warning.
Leave now!
Go!
They're acting as if it's AI technology.
-Hey, what's the problem?
-As far as I know, no one will work today.
-Why?
-Everyone is in a different mood.
I understood.
Have all of you planned to drink today?
You're expecting me to go to
Brother and ask for permission...
...and get kicked out of the mansion.
Isn't that what you all are wishing for?
Varma, aren't you with him
since he founded this mansion?
Don't you know
that he quit drinking 30 years ago?
But he used to drink before that, right?
Oh, you're making a point,
aren't you?
We don't drink all year.
Why not just today?
Hey! Everybody!
Poun, are you the one
instigating these guys?
Fine, let's all go and ask for permission.
-Let's go.
-Don't know if he's in a good mood or not.
Why are you making me the scapegoat?
Brother!
Yes, Kumar.
Today is Mansion Day.
I know, it's Mansion Day.
Decorations are done.
I'm aware of the decorations.
Also, we're preparing Briyani
for the feast.
Okay. What about it?
Boys feel before the feast
if they can have some medicament
it'll be fun!
Medicament?
Is someone not well, Kumar?
You guys spoke so much earlier.
Why is everyone silent now?
It doesn't sound like a request
from them, Kumar.
Brother, you know
that I'm a teetotaler.
Oh, yeah!
Fine, make arrangements.
Hey, Brother has agreed to it.
Everyone,
make a list of what you want.
Hey, it's a dry day today.
Liquor won't be available.
Brother, it's a dry day today.
Had we known,
we could've bought it yesterday.
It's a pity!
Damn, what do we do now?
Whoever has hidden liquor without
my knowledge, raise your hands.
It's Mansion Day today.
Everyone should be happy.
I won't mind.
Don't worry, raise your hands.
Brother, no one can even smuggle
a drop without my knowledge.
Please turn around, my dear.
If you consume
all the hidden stash yourself...
...the others will get upset.
-Am I right, Kumar?
-You're right!
Bring out all the liquor
and pour it in a drum...
-What "tail" do they call it?
-Cocktail!
It's delicious.
-Teetotaler, you say?
-Oh, no!
If you have a cocktail,
it'll give you the high.
Get it ready in ten minutes.
I'll get ready, too. Okay.
Everyone,
let's make the mansion high today.
-Ganesh!
-Yes, Thalaivar.
-Today is Mansion Day.
-I know.
For the next half an hour...
I hope you understand.
Let's spike up the vibe, Thalaivar.
♪ Eh! Step back ♪
♪ Crank up the volume ♪
♪ Deva’s in Da’ house ♪
♪ Eh! Pay attention ♪
♪ Don't kill me with your questions ♪
♪ Ask around anyone ♪
♪ Tread carefully wherever you go ♪
♪ Step aside, Child ♪
♪ Coolie is in Da' house
Announce ♪
♪ Enough with the quarrel
Best you sit down ♪
♪ I’m my own Boss ♪
♪ Enemy or Friend
Whoever it may be ♪
♪ Don’t you dare glare ♪
♪ Let’s end this for good ♪
♪ Eh! Step back ♪
♪ Crank up the volume ♪
♪ Deva's... in Da' house ♪
Hey, girls, look at this man.
He’s so sexy!
Hey, girls.
Damn you boys!
Sound cut!
Brother, it's all set!
If you do the honors, we can begin.
Super!
Wow! Wow!
CHEERS!
God takes a life only when time's up.
But liquor will kill you
each and every day.
♪ Don’t intentionally provoke me ♪
♪ Don’t clash and lose miserably ♪
♪ I’m a ruthless Tiger ♪
♪ Your face will be scarred ♪
♪ Don't you dare break my rules ♪
♪ If you do steer clear of me ♪
♪ Lamenting song... ♪
♪ I’ve written one for you ♪
♪ Hey! Hey! Hey!
Ask around anyone ♪
You ask everywhere.
♪ Tread carefully wherever you go ♪
You search everywhere.
♪ Step aside, Child ♪
Just move little boy.
♪ Coolie is in Da' house
Announce ♪
♪ Enough with the quarrel
Best you sit down ♪
♪ I’m my own Boss ♪
♪ Enemy or Friend
Whoever it may be ♪
♪ Don’t you dare glare ♪
♪ Let’s end this for good ♪
♪ Eh! Step back ♪
♪ Crank up the volume ♪
♪ Deva's... in Da' house ♪
♪ Let’s end this for good ♪
♪ Eh!!! ♪
♪ Step back! ♪
Sir!
Start the vehicle. Keep it moving.
Rajashekar passed away.
How did it happen?
They found him lying collapsed
on the railway platform.
Only after the Doctors checked...
...did they diagnose
that he died of cardiac arrest.
VISAKHAPATNAM
♪ You have always consoled me,
The origin of my life! ♪
♪ Why have you gone quiet today?
You are half of my name! ♪
♪ Can I not see you ever? ♪
Why did you come here?
You don't have to pay your respects.
Please get out.
Why are you creating a scene
at the funeral?
Please don't say anything.
And please take him away.
[in Telugu] What is the problem?
Who is he?
It's nothing.
You don't worry.
Are you going out or not?
♪ You are my lifeline, my friend
Do not leave me ♪
Here you go.
Come on, Brother.
It's a funeral, and she's yelling
at you without basic decency.
Is he an important person?
He's my friend!
♪ But, my heart longs for you
And gets hurt ♪
♪ Want to hear my name
in your voice again ♪
♪ Will my thirst ever be quenched at all? ♪
♪ Won't your shadow embrace me
At least once, for a moment? ♪
♪ You were nothing less than a mother
Don't leave me ♪
♪ Love of my life
Do not leave me ♪
♪ You are my lifeline, my friend
Before I could make it,
you cremated him.
Oh, God!
We've seen many turn into smoke.
Oh, no!
Five years ago, his files were closed.
After that,
we don't have any records of him.
In fact, he abruptly resigned
from his job.
Do you have any details about
his employment after quitting here?
Sir, you will have to ask
his family about it.
This is Rajashekar's
original autopsy report.
Dayal, if another body washes up
on the shore,
other departments will start
hunting you guys down.
Things will go out of control.
I will handle it.
Why did you stop disposing of bodies
like you used to?
Don't make me call you again.
Sir! Sir! I'm Priya's elder sister.
I came to pay the fees.
I was told that, as she defaulted on fees,
you withheld her hall ticket.
So, I'm here to pay the fees.
One minute.
They've issued her the hall ticket.
Only now has someone
paid her fees in full.
May I know who paid the fees?
He claimed
he's a friend of your Father.
Don't you people have any sense?
You'll accept payment from anyone.
Hello! Hello, sir!
What do you think of yourself?
We never asked you for a favor.
You've been following me everywhere.
Please don't put on
this sympathy act with me.
Please calm down.
I paid the fees.
I'm paying back what I owe your father.
He has helped me a lot.
I paid the fee because you're
struggling to make ends meet.
This is the best I could do.
May I speak with you in private
for two minutes?
Do you have a soft copy
of your father's autopsy report?
Yeah.
-What is it?
-Do you spot a difference?
Yes.
The soft copy states
that your father died of a cardiac arrest.
That's a lie.
He was punched in the chest hard,
which caused his death.
It was not a natural death.
Someone murdered your father.
What's the assurance the people who
killed your father won't come after you?
That's why
I'm always around you people.
Just the daughters, right?
Those people shouldn't assume
that no one is there for you guys.
Someone should be there to question them.
-That's why...
-Okay.
What do you suggest we do now?
You want me and my sisters
to abandon everything...
...and come along with you,
find them and seek revenge?
Will that bring back my father
from the dead?
There's no way he'll return.
Is seeking revenge
or living our lives important?
To us, living our lives
is all that matters.
So, I suggest you drop this matter
right here.
Super!
I won't spare his killer.
He may be your father.
But he is my friend!
Let's go!
[in Telugu] What is it?
No need.
Hey, here's the chickpeas you asked for.
-At least, tell me now.
-Dr. Rajashekar?
-Or Robert Rajashekar?
-Did he say anything?
-He's been repeating himself.
-Or is it R.D. Rajashekar?
Phew!
Deceased Rajashekar is my best friend.
We came to you
to find out how he died.
If you know anything, tell me.
If you don't know,
then drink till you die.
How long have you guys been friends?
So, you're Deva.
He has spoken to me about you.
I'll tell you what I know.
See if it helps you.
For the five years,
this has been Rajashekar's office.
Like everyone else...
He, too, was busy with his family and work.
Until he invented this thing.
To fulfill his daughters dream
of becoming a doctor,
he needed a lot of money.
He quit his job
at the research company...
...and started developing
the Mobile Cremator.
He imported
the electrical items required...
...and created the prototype of this chair.
He believed if the Government approves
his project, it'll change his life.
This is the Mobile Cremator.
The cremation process of this device:
At 1650 degree celsius
the flesh will vaporize
and only bones will remain.
You can cremate a body in just 30 seconds.
If we bring this Mobile Cremator
into production...
we can prevent pollution that's caused
by the traditional cremator.
If your electric cremator lands in
the hands of the wrong people...
It can be a disaster.
Unfortunately, we're rejecting
your patent application.
The Government
not just rejected the patent right
but took away everything.
After that,
he did not know what to do.
So, he started working at
what came his way.
Until Simon
made an entry in his life.
He violated the Syndicate rules
by starting a new business.
Not only he made
an unexpected amount of money...
but he also earned a lot of enemies.
His opponent gangs tried a lot
to crack his secret, but it was in vain.
In the end,
they decided to kill Simon.
Hey, let's go!
Let's go, sir.
-Dayal, what the hell?
-Get in!
Can't you be careful?
Sir!
Sir, please hurry up!
Hey, lift him.
His enemies tipped off
the Police about Simon.
The problem got bigger.
In one night,
22 bodies should be disposed of.
Simon was going mad,
not knowing what to do.
Dad.
One minute, please.
I helped a person in customs
with clearance.
Using the copper wires and
parts from different propellers
he invented an Electric Chair
with Plasma Disintegration method.
If we bring him here,
we can turn bodies into ashes.
I don't know who and what you are.
I invented this chair...
to cremate stray dogs or animals.
At its stage of invention,
it can't turn humans into ashes.
For God's sake spare us.
Hey, I thought you said
he's got three daughters.
I can see only one here.
Brother, the other two are young girls.
Our men are already out there.
So, I reckon three daughters in total.
Bodies gotta burn!
It's the payment for your work.
I won't dread that you'll speak
about this to the others.
If I get arrested, so will you.
Also, your daughter will be arrested.
If you don't want to get arrested
and lead a peaceful life...
You will obey my orders.
After that, they set up a place
to carry out the process.
And continuously made him do it.
Even though he didn't like it
due to the threat...
...he continued to do it
for the sake of his daughters' safety.
Why did you come over here?
If another body washes up on the shore,
other departments
will start hunting you guys down.
Things will go out of control.
Do you even understand
the seriousness of the situation?
Why did you stop disposing of bodies
like you used to?
Don't make me call you again.
Do the Simon gang know Rajashekar's
daughter can operate this machine?
Four years ago...
when Rajashekar operated the chair
for the first time, a girl was with him.
-You're right.
-Yeah, right!
Go and bring her, you morons!
Hey, let's go!
Hereafter, we can't live in this city.
Pack everything and be ready.
I'll come to the hostel in five minutes.
I don't get it. Why are you not
filing a complaint with the Police?
You don't have to know.
Please pack.
[in Telugu] Hey, who are you?
What do you want?
-Where were you?
-Which block are Priya and Revathi in?
Who are you people?
You can barge into the hostel like this.
-Get out!
-Hey!
Take away their phones
and lock the door.
Security! Security, where are you?
-I'm going to call the Police.
-Wait, I'll call myself.
Who here is Rajashekar's daughters
Priya and Revathi?
Please step outside.
Brother, Preethi is out here too.
Preethi? Preethi!
[glass shattering in background]
Hey! Where is Preethi?
[furniture breaking in background]
Check what's happening.
-Hey!
-Hey, what happened?
It's best if you come on your own.
If I have to,
then I'll touch inappropriately.
I dare you to touch her.
♪ Galleries will roar
With soaring whistles ♪
♪ Ladies and Gentlemen ♪
♪ He got the looks ♪
♪ Of the certified mobster ♪
♪ He got the swag ♪
♪ Moves like a rockstar ♪
♪ Say! ♪
Are you all scared?
If some goons enter
the ladies hostel and cause trouble
What will you guys do?
So, this is a small demo.
Please do not watch YouTube.
If someone comes at you
from behind while talking...
You should not get scared.
You must deal them with your left hand.
Just anesthesia.
When they point a knife at you,
you should not close your eyes.
It's a small lock.
Easy peasy!
Super!
That's great!
♪ Coo coo Coolie ♪
♪ Move ya body ♪
♪ The whole squad LIT
We own the party ♪
♪ Coo coo Coolie ♪
♪ Move ya body ♪
♪ The whole squad LIT
We own the party ♪
♪ Ladies and Gentlemen ♪
♪ Just too much heat ♪
♪ His walk is Godly ♪
♪ The throne is his
So, say sorry ♪
Oh, no, your teeth are broken.
Aren't you guys Doctors?
Which Doctor fixes the teeth?
-BDS.
-Yeah, BDS, BDS.
Are there any BDS present here?
No, no, no?
Oh, no!
I'm sorry, there's no one.
Hey!
[in Telugu] Who are you?
And how are you related to her?
You want to take her, don't you?
Just one squeeze and she'll die.
How dare you lay your hands on women?
One minute.
I just came to take those girls with me.
Sit down.
Please sit down.
Now tell me what's the matter?
Tell me.
-The girls...
-Hold on. You're gasping for breath.
Palpitation.
Breathe in...
Breathe out.
Now, tell me what the issue is.
They asked me to bring Preethi.
Who gave you the orders?
-Dayal...
-What's the purpose?
It has to do with operating the machine.
Oh, that machine!
For that, you should've come to me.
Only I know how to operate it.
Am I right, Preethi?
Come on, man.
If you had mentioned it earlier,
we could have avoided this.
Oh, sorry, sorry!
Wow! Protein max!
Come on, let's go.
Let's go!
Come along, I'll handle it.
[in Telugu] I, too,
know how to speak in Telugu.
I know Chiranjeevi, Naidu, and Reddy.
I know Anushka, too.
I'm Rajashekar's man.
I used to assist him
in disposing of bodies.
His two daughters
are studying in college.
They're struggling to pay the college fees.
Without Rajashekar, his family and I
are struggling to make ends meet.
We were planning to reach out to you.
Unfortunately,
things turned out differently.
Was it you who beat up my men?
I swear I wasn't aware
that they were your men.
He threatened to harm Preethi.
How can I stay calm when
he threatens to hurt a girl?
So...
...I beat him up.
Had I known it was you,
I would've come with no qualms.
He's lying, Dayal.
He was already there before we arrived.
I think an informer tipped him off.
He may be a cop.
We never gave it a thought
when anyone tried to do us wrong.
But if someone does good,
we must think about it.
Let's check if you're the Police or not.
Do a strip search and
verify if he's wearing a wire.
We want money
and you want the job done.
We both are in need.
Let's come to an agreement!
If not, spare us, we'll leave.
I don't want this humiliation.
Still, haven't you found someone
to operate the machine?
Do you know
how to operate the chair?
Come on, Boss.
I've been telling this since I arrived.
[in Telugu] You guys never told him, is it?
Go ahead, operate. I'll watch.
This is a high voltage reactor.
If we're in the room,
we'll turn to ashes like him.
You please step outside.
We'll pray and start the process.
Madam, you said you knew
how to operate this machine.
Please do it.
I only accompanied my father
to this place twice.
Everything is changed
and looks very professional.
I don't know what to do,
and I don't understand it.
We can't go to him saying this.
Please do something, Madam.
I'll try.
Bloody fool, didn't I ask
to keep Ravi on standby?
You got him drunk.
Now we're stuck in a situation.
Wherever I take him,
he somehow finds a liquor store.
Did you hear that?
He's trying to break in.
God help me!
Hey, did he say anything?
He asked, "If I tell you,
will you tell the others?"
I said, "I won't tell anyone."
"Why should I tell you
if you're not going to tell anyone?"
He said that and got sloshed.
I ought to!
Please push that lever.
Please be precise.
Is this the one?
It's been a while
since we operated the machine.
Please think hard and tell me.
I doubt they know how to operate it.
Yeah, I have seen him.
He visits during the night.
But he doesn't talk to anyone.
Have you ever seen him
fight with anyone?
No, sir. I've seen nothing like it.
Hey!
Hey, what? What?
What is it?
Hey, hey, hey!
It's been a while
since I saw him around.
The last time I saw him,
he was with him.
-What's out there?
-It's a restricted area, sir.
We don't have access
to enter that area.
We need to buy a ticket, right?
Where are we going?
-Dwaraka Nagar.
-Dwaraka Nagar?
I only have 500s.
Would that be okay?
[in Telugu] Brother!
Two tickets to Dwaraka Nagar.
-Hello!
-What happened?
Hey! Hey!
Please hold on a minute.
Who?
The arrangements for this week's
medical camp are now complete.
Can you check--
-Hello.
-Dayal, is there a Rishi in your gang?
Yes!
Last evening, he met a police officer.
Enquire him.
Where is Rishi?
He's loading the containers
with the others.
Who are these people?
It's the engagement party
for the captain's daughter.
They got special permission.
Information is confirmed.
Dad is on his way here.
Monica?
Enjoy!
♪ Monica Bellucci
Has descended ♪
♪ A tsunami has formed
Making the sea turbulent ♪
♪ Monica Bellucci:
The absorbed energy ♪
♪ She has become a whirlwind,
Making heads spin ♪
♪ If she glances
The pulse will rise ♪
♪ The giant sea perches will dance ♪
♪ She is so joyful
That she lights up the nights ♪
♪ My touch will turn salt into sweet
Craving for more ♪
♪ Monica! ♪
♪ My dear, Monica ♪
♪ Love you, Monica ♪
♪ Baby, Monica ♪
♪ You naughty girl,
I have caught you ♪
♪ Monica
Love you, Monica ♪
♪ Baby, Monica ♪
♪ You naughty girl,
I have caught you ♪
♪ Blow the trumpet ♪
Take your hands off me.
Hey, what the hell is happening?
Hey, let go of me.
I said hands off me.
Hey, let go of my hand.
Hey, what the hell is happening?
Ask them not to rough me up.
Ask them let go of me.
Brother!
Brother, please don't do it.
♪ Shall I make you desirous
Without brushing against you? ♪
♪ Shall I sweeten your lips? ♪
♪ Don't stay single, my dear ♪
♪ Meet me once ♪
♪ If you aren't seduced
Shall I punish you? ♪
♪ Do not hesitate
Between the sheets ♪
♪ Should not have regrets
On your deathbed ♪
♪ In the game of intimacy
I ain't innocent, dear ♪
♪ When you are poor
Ethics do not work ♪
♪ When you are young
Decency does not suit ♪
♪ I come from Tanjore
Where we make the moon blush ♪
♪ Shall I come to pinch your heart ♪
♪ The girl I am who turns
Iron into sugarcane ♪
♪ Fallen for you gradually
Because of your touch ♪
♪ Monica! ♪
♪ My dear, Monica
Love you, Monica ♪
♪ Baby, Monica ♪
♪ You naughty girl,
I have caught you ♪
♪ Monica
Love you, Monica ♪
♪ Baby, Monica ♪
♪ You naughty girl,
I have caught you ♪
♪ Come on, Monica ♪
♪ Monica! ♪
♪ My dear... ♪
Sir!
Sir, I did nothing.
Sir, sir, I swear, I did nothing.
It's him, Sir.
I did a thorough background check.
Even yesterday, he met a Police officer.
-I did nothing, sir.
-Before, he used to work in another port.
Eight years ago, he shifted to our port.
All the factors confirm he's the mole.
Sir! Sir, sir, please don't kill me.
Sir, sir, sir...
Sir!
Sir, the officer I met is my uncle.
Sir, I went to meet my uncle.
I didn't do anything wrong.
Sir, please don't do it.
Sir, sir, sir, sir!
Fine, let it go.
I'll take care of it.
I told you I'll take care of it.
I'll sort it out in the morning.
Don't worry about it.
-Who all do you recognize from this?
-Sir, give me a minute.
I told you it will be done.
Okay, okay, bye.
Sir, I split it equally.
This is your half and this is mine.
Seeing that they're dependent
on us to dispose of bodies.
I don't think so.
This gang would've killed Rajashekar.
Someone outside the gang
would have killed him.
It would be better
if I met Simon once.
But I don't know when he will come.
Until he comes over,
you don't need to do this or come here.
You please get back to your business.
Why, sir?
You want the entire share.
I can't seem to understand you.
We didn't come here to make money.
We came here to find out
who murdered your father.
You suffered all this while
doing this horrific job.
Why are you desperate for money?
Thank goodness your father died
before he could see you like this.
What do you even know about us?
He was just your friend.
But he's our father!
More than a father,
he was our mother.
It's hard to raise three daughters
as a single parent.
I'm 29 years old.
Girls of my age are falling in love,
getting married, and enjoying their lives.
But me...
I'm a living corpse
like the ones we're disposing of.
Because the fundamentals of life
have now become a luxury for me.
When I close my eyes...
...I can only see my sisters.
When our mother died,
my sisters were too young to understand.
Since then it's me and our father.
Now, even he's gone!
Who will care for my sisters
if something happens to me?
Do you know
my educational qualifications?
I pursued medicine for a year.
Then discontinued.
As my father couldn't afford fees,
I shifted to a pharmacy course.
I'm there for my sisters.
But who's there for me?
The one person who supported me
is no longer here.
I'm not going to
spend this money on myself.
You didn't truly know me and
judged me as desperate for money.
You wouldn't understand.
You're used to
living your life in solitude.
I shouldn't have spoken harshly.
Please forgive me.
You're absolutely right.
I'm used to living in solitude.
Please take this.
I don't want it.
Each deserves their wage
for the work done.
That's yours and this is mine.
Wage!
Had it not been for your father,
I wouldn't be alive.
Long dead...
Nothing I do can repay
the help your father gave me.
Please have this.
It's just money.
Please take it, Madam.
Don't cry.
I won't ask for it back.
Just pay me an interest of 30%.
Just kidding!
Sir, please wait.
The other day, I wanted to give you this,
but I wasn't sure whether I should.
Mom and Auntie died in a gas explosion
while we were in school.
This was the last memory I could salvage.
This is the only photo
of you and Auntie together.
However, I won't call you "uncle"
or consider you family.
Until the end,
I'll address you as "sir."
-Deva?
-Yes!
You and the girl come to the port.
I will come but not the girl.
Simon has summoned you both.
What can I do about
what my father did?
Do you think
I can reason with him?
Give me a minute.
I'll call you back.
Hey!
Sir, I'm Deva.
Are you Rajashekar's assistant?
Yes, sir.
What is your name?
Preethi.
Why do you seem familiar to me?
I don't think so, sir.
Don't call me, sir.
You can call me Simon.
It's okay, sir. I feel comfortable
addressing you as "sir."
Sir, please don't do it.
Please don't do it.
Sir, sir, sir, sir. Sir!
Hey!
He's the damn rat who's been
infiltrating my gang for 8 years.
I spared your life
because you once saved mine.
I announced a reward of two crores
for the person who finds the rat.
Will I take the reward myself?
Is that what you think?
No, sir.
Now, listen closely.
Before I'm done killing him...
...whoever climbs up
and removes the board
that person will be rewarded
with 2 crores.
Sir, I did nothing wrong.
If not for you,
they would've killed me.
-What the hell, Dad?
-No more loose ends.
Sir!
I removed the board!
Deva...
You know who is Dayal among the two.
Bury Dayal
in the military graveyard located
behind the Police Commissioner's office.
In the morning, any dog that passes by
should be able to sniff out the corpse.
For eight years,
he's been deceiving me...
The Police Department should understand
the consequences of infiltrating my gang.
You got that?
Sir, they did not want us
to electrocute but bury him.
But anyone in the gang could've done it.
Why do we have to do it?
My thoughts exactly.
There's something more to it.
I'm repeating myself
about my earlier suggestion.
This is the final corpse
we'll get rid of together.
After this, you'd better be gone.
I still have more to find out.
Who is Simon?
And why is he doing this?
I will only earn his trust
if I follow his orders.
Only then can we find out
who killed your father.
♪ All you mobsters ♪
♪ Listen up ♪
♪ We got 16, 24, 48 years... ♪
♪ Put your hands up in the air
And say Cheers ♪
♪ We got girls on call 24 x 7 ♪
♪ We got guns and coca
Feels better than heaven ♪
♪ I'm just a...
Sweet talkin' Blow sniffin' ♪
♪ Certified playa! ♪
♪ Quit talkin' shit Son
Cause I'm not in danger ♪
♪ I AM THE DANGER ♪
♪ I am the Danger ♪
♪ Kingpin on the floor
Talk no more ♪
Speak no more ♪
♪ Kingpin on the floor
Talk no more ♪
♪ Simon says - pour some more ♪
♪ Kingpin on the floor
Speak no more ♪
♪ Simon says - I like it raw ♪
♪ Kingpin on the floor
Talk no more ♪
♪ Simon says - pour some more ♪
♪ Kingpin on the floor
Speak no more ♪
♪ Simon says - I like it raw ♪
♪ Sweet talkin' Blow sniffin' ♪
♪ Kingpin on the floor
Certified playa ♪
♪ Quit talkin' shit Son
Cause I'm not in danger ♪
♪ All you mobsters ♪
This is a rare occurrence, sir.
If the heart stops beating temporarily...
...due to external factors, like this,
people come back alive.
Lazarus Syndrome.
What happened?
Are you done with the job?
Hey, he did not die.
He came back alive.
Are you serious?
He's holding over millions with him.
No one knows where he has hidden it.
You send me your live location.
I'll come over there.
Hey!
Listen carefully.
Keeping him alive is your priority now.
Until I say so,
don't attend any calls.
Listen, it's not an ordinary matter.
-We don't know how much he has hidden.
-Who are you talking to?
-If we swindle it from him...
-What should I do now?
Hereafter...
Whether it's you or the girl...
All your lives will be sorted.
Let's swindle all the money
and then kill him.
I'll be there in ten minutes.
Sir, I'm a Police officer.
Please spare me.
Sir... I have two children.
Please, sir.
I haven't seen my family in five years.
Please spare me, sir. I'll go home.
I did all this, to save my family.
I swear I won't come back.
I won't come back.
Madam, please tell him not to.
Sir. Please, sir.
-Please, sir.
-Sir!
Let's spare his life, sir.
This feels like another chance
given to us by God.
We should think twice
before killing someone.
Why should we hesitate to save a life?
What if we swap his clothes
with the other corpse and bury it?
They wouldn't know, sir.
It's okay, sir. I--
Deva, I'm not expecting
a response from you.
Kill the person in front of you!
If you do me this favor,
in return, I'll do you a favor.
Sir, why are you hesitating?
He has two children.
Please don't hesitate.
Sir, please spare me my life.
I will go far away.
Sir... Sir...
I swear on my children.
I'll go away.
I won't tell anyone.
Please don't do it.
Sir, please don't do it.
Please spare my life.
Don't do it, sir.
Sir!
I won't tell anyone.
Please spare me, sir.
Sir!
Hey, didn't I tell you a million times...
not to harm him until I come.
But you!
200-- 200 crores!
Now, how will I find out
where the money is?
-You messed it--
-The commissioner's office is right behind.
He was screaming and trying to run away.
Had he reached the officials,
no one could've saved us.
You've been summoned.
I remember you from somewhere.
-Have a drink.
-No thanks, sir.
Okay...
When you kill for the first time...
It's okay to have a drink
to bring down your palpitations.
I've been sober for 30 years.
I don't want it.
I think a person is destined
to die at one's hands.
I beat him to death, yet he's alive.
It was fate that he was meant
to die by your hand.
How much did you beat him?
I don't know, sir.
It was dark and raining.
I beat him until his last breath.
I promised to return the favor, right?
I've taken a huge risk.
If they find out you're alive,
the people around you will be in danger.
You died.
And I never kill the dead.
So don't make me come find you.
One-- One more favor, sir.
Can one of you come with me?
If there's checking
at the upcoming station...
...and they see me in this state,
they'll arrest me.
If someone accompanies me
until the old city in Hyderabad...
...from there
I can manage on my own.
-Are you at the location?
-Hey, I'm here. Come.
Sir, please go right away.
If not, they'll suspect you.
I can handle him.
No, Preethi, let's not take the risk.
I'll ask someone else to take him.
Sir, how can we leave him
in this state?
I'll manage if there's checking.
Be careful!
You're not Rajashekar's assistant.
I know that you're his friend, Deva.
If I keep you at a distance,
I can't observe your actions.
So, I let you join the gang
and kept an eye on you.
Now, do you realize who you have killed?
Actually, you should be thanking me.
Rajashekar whispered
into Dayalan's ear before dying.
Does anyone out here know
what he told him?
I'm repeating myself!
Rajashekar whispered
into Dayalan's ear before dying.
Does anyone out here know
what he told him?
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Chill man.
Chill, chill, chill, chill.
Whatever your friend whispered,
only Dayalan knows it.
Unfortunately, both are dead.
So no one would know about it.
Deva, I'm repeating myself.
I owe you for a lifetime, man!
Have a drink with me.
I will get you the world's best drink.
[in Telugu]
Hey, bring out the liquor bottles.
It's a pity, Deva,
that you're stuck in a pickle.
You believed everything I said.
It's enough if I speak a bit louder.
They'll know I'm alive
and you'll be killed.
Why don't you put me on the speaker?
What were Rajashekar's last words?
Oh! They played you the video.
Fine, tell me how you both became friends.
You don't drink.
But he whispered into my ears...
Power House!
"Power House"
What is your connection with it?
I told you to wait for me.
Why did you act in haste?
You only care about your Union.
Always resorting to violence.
Life is tainted with blood.
You're not single anymore.
Don't forget
that you're married to my sister.
The chaos your rowdyism brings
affects my sister, too.
Do you understand?
Drink. Keep drinking.
Your life will improve
only when you quit drinking.
Make a conscious decision.
What's more important?
My sister or liquor?
If you still want to do it,
wait until I'm dead to drink.
Wait until I'm dead to drink!
Make a promise.
Promise me that you won't drink.
Twelve years, eighteen, twenty four--
Deva!
Everything is international.
Which one do you want?
That's a local.
After 30 years, this man,
Deva, is having a drink.
Cheers, man!
Cheers!
-Come on, everybody.
-Cheers!
[VaaVaaPakkamVaa - Thanga Magan, playing]
Hey, where's the girl?
You cracked a deal with Dayalan, right?
I'm going back to dig out his body.
Are you both playing games with me?
Hey!
I told him first
that Dayal did not die.
"Don't tell this to Simon."
"Without anyone's knowledge,
bring Dayal to me."
"I want to crack a deal with him,"
he said.
Bad fellow.
I'm aware of it.
But I will decide when to kill him.
Not you.
So, say sorry.
Damn, where do I know you from?
[in Telugu]
Hey, keep an eye on him.
Deva, can you hear me?
Now it must be clear to you
who killed your friend.
You see...
The daughter of the
man I killed is right now with me.
I abruptly left
with many unfinished business.
You've already killed me
and buried me.
So, you'll remain in the gang
and complete my unfinished business.
Shall we end it?
Let's end it!
[in Malayalam]
So, sir...
Did you collect all the information?
Sir, why must you interfere
in my affairs?
You could've stuck to your business.
Unfortunately, I must kill you.
And you must die!
Are you afraid to die?
Won't you be afraid, too?
Everyone is afraid of death.
However,
I feel sorry for your situation.
[in Malayalam] I'll suggest you
an amazing idea.
Ensure my death appears
as caused by natural causes.
If it appears as if you tortured
and killed me...
Why sir?
Will someone come after me?
-Of course!
-I reckon you have only three daughters.
Thirty years...
I've had someone on standby
offline for thirty years.
If he comes to know...
You, your Boss, and your Boss's Boss...
...will be chopped down to shreds!
[in Malayalam] So, if I kill you,
your man will come and kill us.
-Of course.
-Yes.
Yes!
Let him come. I'll wait for him.
Are you sure?
If someone does come,
what should I tell him?
Come closer.
Come on!
"Power House."
Power.
That's a good one.
Power House.
Your father was pleading with me
before he died.
Brother, it's ready.
NELLORE
Is your head spinning from confusion?
Hereafter, you will be
my eyes and ears over there.
Simon is not in town.
It's the right time.
Hereafter, without asking questions,
you must do everything I say.
[in Malayalam] If you try to act smart...
I'll make one call,
and then you both will die.
Hereafter,
you must follow my orders.
Are you on the bus?
A man in a dark brown shirt
will hand you a bag.
Shortly, you will receive files,
passport, and money.
Put everything inside the bag.
Grab the bag and keys,
then wait at the tea shop in the market.
One of my men will come over there.
Give him the key.
Hey, I'm taking him in.
Are you inside the bathroom?
Inside, the boy will open a door.
Keep the bag inside,
take a picture, and send it to me.
You must feel the urge to
stab that needle into my neck.
But don't forget you have two sisters.
Keep stitching.
Good boy!
Think practically, Arjun.
If your father learns about us,
he might throw me into the sea.
Yet you're determined to tell him...
How do you expect me to trust you?
Neither I nor anyone else can
speak to my father about us.
For now, there's someone
who has earned my father's trust.
I'm going to convince him
to talk to my father.
The document is in Saravanan's hands.
I can't retrieve it now.
I need two more days.
What makes you think
that I won't harm this girl?
I know where he will store the file.
-The key is where I said it will be.
-I found it.
I was checking
Rajashekar's insurance report.
Not a problem, sir.
I'm here to discuss something
important with you.
When can we discuss?
Walk 30 feet straight ahead.
On your left, next to the storage room,
there will be a vault.
The passcode to the vault...
I was about to meet you myself.
This rascal is working
for our opponent's team.
He already has two crores in
reward money for removing the board.
If I give him up as the informer,
I'll get another two crores.
Eight others and I tailed him
for a week and caught him here.
Until the Boss arrives, can you keep
him in your lab for a couple of days?
If you agree, you will also
receive a share of forty lakhs.
What do you say?
Deal!
Hey, keep walking!
Hold on a minute.
We belong to the same gang.
We were already waiting out there
because we knew he would come.
Who told you to come over there?
How did you know the vault's passcode?
Why aren't you answering?
I'm talking to you.
Answer me.
♪ Ladies and Gentlemen ♪
♪ He got the looks ♪
♪ Of the certified mobster ♪
♪ He got the swag ♪
♪ He moves like a rockstar ♪
♪ Coo coo Coolie ♪
♪ Move ya body ♪
♪ The whole squad LIT
We own the party ♪
♪ Just too much heat ♪
♪ His walk is Godly ♪
♪ The throne is his
So, say sorry ♪
♪ Galleries will roar
With soaring whistles ♪
♪ Coo coo Coolie ♪
♪ Move ya body ♪
♪ The whole squad LIT
We own the party ♪
♪ Ladies and Gentlemen ♪
♪ Just too much heat ♪
♪ His walk is Godly ♪
♪ The throne is his
So, say sorry ♪
♪ Say! ♪
I won't reveal your identity
to anyone.
Please spare my life.
Please!
How dare you
lay your hands on her scarf?
Who are you?
What's happening out here?
These aren't just ordinary documents,
as you might think.
They're client details.
Client details?
This isn't the only business they operate.
This business is merely a facade
to deceive the public.
There's another business
underneath this one.
Heart Trafficking.
Their buyers are foreigners
from power sectors.
Do you know where they're
getting these hearts from?
They steal it from the poor labourers
working in the port.
Based on the client's requirements,
they select a appropriate match.
After that, they run a thorough
medical check-up.
And take good care of them
until the requirements match.
Once it's time,
they'll do a bypass surgery
and remove the heart.
The list of selected individuals
for this year is now ready.
There's a meeting in two days.
The syndicate is unaware that Simon
is running this trafficking operation.
To retrieve these documents...
...my boss sent me undercover to this gang.
Unfortunately,
I got caught by these guys.
But I have saved your life.
I am aware, sir.
These dead bodies...
I will ask my men to dispose of them.
Brother, his original name
is not Dayalan.
He underwent constable training
at Police Academy Thrissur, Kerala.
2016 Batch.
[in Malayalam] Go for another
five rounds of punishment.
As per the department,
he was projected as unfit
and was sent undercover covertly.
This file has all his details.
Please call me
if you have any doubts.
Somehow, we managed to find Dayalan.
But he has chained himself to the girl.
We're afraid that
he may be carrying any weapons.
Until I say so, don't do anything.
Just keep a watch.
Okay.
Deva, one last job.
When Arjun is leaving the port tonight,
take him in your vehicle.
Until then, wait right there.
Kalayani, in Mumbai, you should organize
our affairs to go to the Philippines.
The rest I'll explain later.
Don't be afraid.
Arjun, sir!
Didn't you want to discuss something?
LONDON
Some serious accusations have
emerged within our syndicate.
The news has already reached Dahaa!
-One minute.
-Please go ahead.
Move the mat under your feet.
Do one thing.
Instead, of taking him home...
Take him to an isolated place,
kill him,
and bury him at the same spot
where his father asked to bury me.
Hey!
He's the only good soul in this gang.
I can't do this job for you.
Do you hear her?
If you don't do as I say...
Sir, why did you take a detour?
As I was saying, the next consignment--
You brought me to discuss matters.
But seeing you bring me
to an isolated place...
Due to the nature of my job,
I know one day death will come after me.
But I never expected
you'd be the one to kill me.
I'm the reason
for your friend Rajashekar's death.
I've been in a constant attempt
to flee from this gang.
I'm holding back
for the sake of my father.
Sir... Sir, sir!
The vessel will reach Vizag--
Sorry, guys. I'll be back!
Sir!
I don't know why Arjun is with Deva alone.
I'm suspecting something's not right.
I didn't do any of it intentionally.
Sir... Sir...
-Go away.
-Sir?
Go somewhere no one can find you.
-Sir, Dad is calling.
-Talk to him.
-Daddy!
-Arjun, where are you?
I'm at my friend's party.
I'll call you back.
Okay.
You keep an eye on Arjun.
Are you carrying a gun?
-Yes, I have it.
-You know what to do.
I'll send back up.
And because of this accusation...
Dahaa will be arriving in India soon.
Sir, I hope you won't get into
trouble because of my father.
Go!
You'll be addressing Dahaa, right?
Simon! You'll be addressing Dahaa, right?
-Simon, will you receive him?
-Yes! Yes!
I'll... I'll receive Dahaa.
Don't worry.
Go ahead, continue.
I told you a million times.
But you never listened to a word.
Despite my warning, you let him go.
Switch to video call.
We're on the 15th floor.
If I let go of her,
she'll die in 30 seconds.
Shall I?
Listen, he's too young.
I didn't have the heart to kill him.
So, let him go.
Hey! Hey, she's an innocent girl.
Don't harm her.
Please hear me out.
Dayal, I did follow your orders.
Tell me more about what I have to do.
Had you followed this,
it wouldn't have happened.
-Dayal, please don't do it.
-I'll talk after I drop her.
-Please spare the girl.
-Watch me!
Dayal, please hear me out.
Dayal! Dayal!
Hey, Dilip!
Are you wondering
why my tone changed?
This is the original tone!
Constable: 143
I've met different kinds villains
in my life.
But I haven't met a cunning villain
like you until today.
Dilip, do you realize the
biggest mistake you committed?
By revealing everything to me.
Pull her up!
Why don't you ask your men to check
if everything is intact inside the vault?
Quick, quick, quick, quick.
Hey!
[in Telugu] Brother, the vault is empty.
He stole everything.
Is it intact?
It won't be.
I removed everything yesterday.
Take it. Take everything.
You're being snarky because she's here.
Her two sisters are under my watch.
Hold on, Bhai!
Check if they're still there.
Bring the two girls outside.
[in Telugu] They escaped.
Are they out there?
They won't be.
Don't be afraid. It's a safe place.
I spoke to Deva, sir.
He'll be here shortly.
Okay? Stay safe.
That night, there were only two people:
Arjun and the girl.
The very second after I dropped Arjun,
you texted me.
Asking why I let him go.
There's no chance Arjun would've told you.
That means...
The girl must've informed you.
If I'm right...
she is
...your wife.
Hi!
Also, I've arranged
the electric chair outdoors.
What were you saying?
"15th floor and 30 seconds."
If I press the button...
your dear Kalyani
will turn into ashes in no time.
Then apply it to your forehead.
Unlock her.
-Preethi, lock him up.
-Sir?
Lock him up.
Show her your hands.
Chain the other end to his neck.
It's a dog chain
that fits him well, though.
It looks apt.
Preethi, go downstairs and get
into the vehicle waiting for you.
Sir?
My father...
Can I please slap him once?
Let your father hear the sound of it.
While dying, my father
wouldn't have pleaded to you.
That's about it!
Come on, hurry up.
Nothing much.
Ten men are here to rent rooms.
They all look like henchmen.
I suspect they're carrying weapons.
So, I called to check what to do.
-Give them rooms to stay.
-Okay!
There are rooms for everyone.
Watch her carefully.
Don't go anywhere.
Deva...
Isn't your Coolie number 5821?
Yes!
Has anyone called your landline
and mentioned your Coolie number?
No.
Whoever calls you on that number
and mentions your Coolie number...
...is your biological child.
Who told you this?
One last time, Rajashekar came
to your mansion to talk to you.
Not sure what came over him.
He returned without meeting you.
After he returned, he told me
to tell you this
if something happened to him.
Why didn't you tell me this earlier?
You see, I was high...
I ought to!
Hey, did someone call the landline
when I was not around?
-No!
-Stay by the phone.
If someone calls and mentions my
Coolie number, contact me right away.
I'm on my way now.
I should reach there in four hours.
Don't think of it as a betrayal.
Instead, consider it as if you escaped.
You don't deserve this.
-Hello.
-Preethi.
Everything here is okay.
We're fine.
-Are you guys safe?
-Yeah. Here you go.
Sister, please come soon.
I'm scared.
Okay, I will be there soon.
Son, didn't Deva warn you?
He asked us not to do anything
until he calls us.
What wrong did I do to you?
You've misunderstood me--
Hey! If you dare to speak, I'll kill you.
Just like you, I'm stuck too.
If I don't follow his orders...
I don't know what he would do
to my parents.
Other than that,
there's nothing between us.
Kill me!
For God's sake, kill me.
Switch it on and kill me.
Kill me!
I am repeating.
Without his orders,
no one should do anything.
What are you doing?
Hey, Son!
I don't deserve to live.
Please burn me alive.
Whoever calls you on that number
and mentions your Coolie number...
...is your biological child.
Arjun!
Even your name is fake.
Please hear me out.
-Please trust me...
-I'm not going to trust you anymore.
For God's sake, leave.
Arjun! Arjun!
If you're telling the truth, then go be
an honest daughter to your parents.
Please!
Please forgive me.
Bloody, would you believe
anything I say?
Hey!
Hey, hey! Hey, what the--
-Hello!
-Kalyani!
I let her go
because you got caught.
Where are you?
Bloody moron,
don't I know how to escape?
First, go and nab her.
They left long ago.
How can I nab her?
Moreover, you're there.
What if something happens to you?
Do as I say.
She wouldn't have crossed the highway.
If you leave now, you can get her.
You first get her.
Also, send me your live location.
♪ You’ve got that look on your face ♪
♪ 'Cause you’re looking to escape ♪
♪ With that, doh boy sitting
In that big boy Truck ♪
♪ With 24’s on the wheels ♪
♪ Looking like you pull
A good 5Gs in a grill ♪
♪ You’ve got that look on your face ♪
[in Malayalam]
They've transferred me
to Vizag as an undercover agent.
I don't know what to do.
If we follow the Police's orders,
we'll end up with only a medal.
However, if we take a risk,
we can lead the life we desire.
For that to happen, we should
be two sides of the same coin.
When I'm hidden you should be visible.
And when I'm visible you should be hidden.
Sir, he does not have access to this area.
Similarly, he has trespassed into
other restricted areas in a single day.
Sir.
We couldn't find Arjun.
But we found a phone at the spot.
Our men are inside the mansion
and will kill Deva when he returns.
Before I land in Chennai,
I must know where Arjun is.
Check if it's him!
-Brother, get inside the car. Quick!
-Is he here?
-Come on, start the car.
-Move! Move!
Please drive faster.
-Please drive faster.
-Hey, he's right behind us.
Hey, move to this side.
Hey, hold him.
You move to this side.
Hey, let go of him.
Hey, let go of her!
Come on! Let's go!
Totally 12 men across three rooms.
What do we do now?
No resident should be outside.
Ask them to stay put!
Okay.
Erm... Please sit down.
Sit down. Please, sit down.
Please make way.
You three sisters... Is Rajashekar...
Is Rajashekar your father
for all three of you?
Yes, sir.
Which way?
-Hey!
-Hey, let's go this way. Run!
Please watch out!
Sir, our sister... When will she come?
She'll arrive tomorrow.
In two days,
everything will be sorted.
We can all return home together.
Brother! Brother!
They have surrounded us.
-Lock the main door.
-Okay.
Hey, where are you guys?
Make it quick.
We've reached the station.
Where are you?
He's right behind us, chasing.
You guys board the train
on platform No. 4.
Hey, please get inside.
Do you girls like old or new songs?
Don't hesitate.
Go!
Old songs.
New songs, sir.
Excellent!
-Hello, Ganesh.
-Yes, Thalaivar.
For the next hour,
play one new and one old song.
-Choice is yours.
-Sure, Thalaivar!
He's got a good taste in music.
[Loyola College Laila - Kalloori Vaasal,
playing]
-Oh, no!
-Please make way.
You go ahead. I'll handle him.
Please make way.
Make way!
Bye, Dad. Please don't forget
to take your medicines.
Preethi, wait a minute.
What happened, Dad?
If something were to
happen to me...
Or when I'm not around, if you and
your sisters are stuck in a big problem...
I have shared
a contact number with your phone.
Call that number...
Coolie number 5821
Mention that on the call.
Dad, nothing's going to happen to you.
What's this number?
And who am I calling?
Don't ask me who it is.
Please remember this number.
Coolie number 5821.
[in Telugu] Are you out of your mind
to beat up a girl?
Phone! Phone!
-Phone!
-Answer me moron!
You thought no one will question you?
Bloody rascal.
Hey, stop it!
Brother! The landline is ringing.
Brother! The landline is ringing!
Hello, I don't know who you are.
Is your Coolie number 5821?
Answer me.
When I encounter death...
...my Dad advised me to call this number.
I don't know what to do now.
My name is Preethi.
And my father's name is Rajashekar.
I'm arriving in Chennai by train.
In an hour...
Hello?
Hello! Hello!
Send our men to both
Egmore and Central Station.
-I'll call you.
-Okay.
Brother!
-[in Telugu] Please sit down.
-Get me water.
Please step back.
Please have some water.
-Hello!
-Yes! What happened?
That girl escaped.
Passport, gold, and documents
are stuck with Deva.
What do we do, Kalyani?
Fine! You don't panic.
I know where the documents are.
You head to the station's parking lot.
Vehicle number 0026.
Get inside the vehicle.
Your actions should drive him mad.
Fine! Where are you?
Why did you change the plan?
Don't ask questions and do as I say.
I'll talk to you later.
Sir, the TV consignment is ready.
Once you check, we will dispatch it.
Also, Dahaa is on his way.
He'll be here soon.
Sir, everything is ready.
If you give me your phone,
we can run a check.
Okay.
Just wait a minute.
Here.
Sir, someone's on video call.
If you connect now,
it'll display on all the screens.
Sir.
Indeed,
I joined your gang as an informer.
For all these years,
I've been loyal to you.
I don't know what to do now.
Also, I can't help
but be compelled to do it.
You are well aware what's
happening at the moment.
You still think I'm an informer.
But Deva is ahead of us.
He's got full control now.
He took the files with details
of clients we sell organs to.
He forced me to reveal it.
Please forgive me.
If I don't do this
in front of your eyes...
He's been monitoring us, sir.
If I don't do it,
I will lose my wife.
Please forgive me, sir.
Forgive me.
I don't have another option.
Still, I would like to
do you one last favor.
Rajashekar's daughter is arriving
at Chennai Egmore railway station.
If you go now, you can nab her.
Please forgive me, sir.
Hey! Everyone, get inside!
Don't spare any corner
and rig the building.
It should shatter when lit.
We retrieved every speck of detail
about you and your network.
The period when you worked
as a labourer in Mandwa.
And why did you quit?
We know your history now.
Even now you're not alone.
You're still living with those 18 people.
All 18 are now at knife point.
It's best you come with us.
If you refuse, then I'll slit
the throats of all 18 people.
Just one whistle would do.
You wanna see?
Recognize the piercing whistle?
You're right! We are labourers!
But you've mistaken we're 18.
We are 19!
Kaleesha!
♪ Carnage in my veins,
The insane's out playin' Devastation ♪
♪ Bloodbath, Fists talkin' fury
The bodies drop to the floor ♪
♪ Got you ragdolled, no escapin'
Comin' for y'all settin' souls free ♪
Is that all?
Bring as many men as you'd like.
They're not here for the money.
They would give up their lives for me.
Our hands are strong with hard work.
Bring out the hooks!
Attack!
♪ Carnage in my veins,
The insane's out playin' Devastation ♪
♪ Untamed, apocalypse
Makin' it rain pain ♪
♪ Bloodbath, Fists talkin' fury
The bodies drop to the floor ♪
♪ Volcano erupted in my head,
Ragin' for a lot more ♪
♪ Carnage in my veins... ♪
Brother, you take the call.
I'll handle them here on.
Brother, your phone...
May I borrow your phone?
Sir, asked me to bring you to him.
Where?
He asked us to come to the mansion.
Brother, please go to Royapettah.
You both have been called elsewhere.
That girl is going in another car.
We're following the car.
♪ You out of your mind, brah
If you think you can go ♪
♪ Really? You toe-toe with coolies?
Hysterical ♪
♪ Packin' the tools for cruels,
Smackin' the sense in your ♪
♪ Homies, these brutal lessons
You can't even take 'em home ♪
♪ Y'all cannot touch this,
Before you drop lifeless ♪
♪ Bow before the highness,
Lion maulin' you hyenas ♪
♪ Yeah, this is our dynasty,
Warriors finest ♪
♪ You came to the wrong hood,
This is where you get minused ♪
The car drove into the harbor.
-Come to the harbor.
-Okay.
Call Dayalan.
Sir... Please, sir.
I have nothing to do with it, sir.
Call Dayalan!
I've arranged everything we need
to go to the Philippines.
Did you get the documents yet?
-Please tell him, Dayal.
-What are you saying?
Tell him I have nothing to do with it.
Sir!
Tell him, Dayal. That I don't
have anything to do with it.
Please tell him, Dayal.
Now tell me
what you both plan to do next.
I swear,
I have nothing to do with it.
He paid me
to pretend to love your son.
He blackmailed me to kill
my parents if I refused to do it.
-I didn't have other option.
-Sir! Sir!
Sorry, sir.
Sir, she has nothing to do
with any of it.
I forced her to pretend
to love your son.
She's a poor thing.
Please spare her.
Please, sir.
I beg you to spare her.
Please spare her.
Please spare me, sir.
Sir, please don't do it.
I have an enormous wealth
of 4000-5000 crores.
To enjoy my wealth,
I don't have one too many children.
I had only one son.
If he wanted,
he could've easily replaced me.
But he was not interested in my business
and went on to become a Customs Officer.
You betrayed a very honest man.
I am his father, damn it.
Sir, please don't do it.
Sir! Sir!
Sir, she did nothing wrong.
Please spare her life.
Sir!
Run as far as you can
and find a place to hide.
How is Deva related to you?
-Sir.
-Sir, is on his way.
Is your Coolie number 5821?
I'm there for my sisters.
But who's there for me, sir?
My name is Preethi.
The one person who supported me
is no longer here.
Is your Coolie number 5821?
Sir, Deva crossed the loading area.
What should I do?
Let him come. Send him up.
I have a few questions to ask you.
The heart transplant files
you took away from me...
...are not a big deal for me.
But to people like Dayal,
it's a huge deal.
I trusted you to kill one person.
Had you killed him,
my son would be alive now.
No matter what I do,
I won't get my son back.
-I did not--
-You did not kill him.
I wanted you to experience the agony
of seeing your children get killed
in front of your eyes.
But you have no one in your life.
However,
if I kill the daughter of Rajashekar...
Then you'd feel the agony as I did.
You didn't just come here
for your friend or his daughter.
Tell me, who are you?
Why did you come here?
If not, I'll kill her.
I did not kill your son.
Please spare her life.
You can harm me however you want.
Take her downstairs
to the operation theatre.
She is a source, too.
Keep the walkie-talkie on.
Once I give the order,
remove her heart.
I'm a labourer.
I'm an orphan.
Sixty people, along with me,
to make a living...
went to one corner in the
North side of the country...
and joined as labourers
in an import-export company.
Thirty-five years ago,
when we went to work over there...
...there was not one soul present
to support us.
Except for Rajashekar.
It was he who supported
and helped the labourers.
He was very affectionate toward me.
He took me into his home.
Also, he got me married
to his dearest sister.
I was an orphan,
but he gave me an identity...
...and helped me lead a respectable life.
We're labourers,
and our Bosses are providers.
We are unaware of the contents
inside the packages.
Our job was to pick up
and drop off the packages.
We had unwavering trust in our bosses.
But that trust shattered
on one unfortunate day.
The Police raided the port.
We discovered that the packages
contained high-value drugs.
Our bosses blamed the labourers.
And accused the laborers
of smuggling these drugs.
We were helpless!
As per their country's law and order...
If caught smuggling drugs,
you'll be sentenced to life.
We didn't know what to do.
The law enforcement arrived.
"You're almost 400 labourers."
"If 100 among you confess to the crime..."
"...we'll get you deported and
take you to another country."
We considered this
and selected 100 single men.
Sixty among the hundred
were my men.
They were innocent
but surrendered themselves for my sake.
The way they looked at me.
"Hey, not only did you
turn us orphans into criminals,"
"but you're sending us
to a different country as refugees."
I was very guilty.
I didn't speak a word
and went along with them.
Rajashekar stopped me
from going with them.
If you go, then you can't return.
If you go,
you'll lose my sister and me.
You won't see us again
in your lifetime.
When it comes to family or labourers?
Labourers are important to me.
I went with them.
Later, we realised
we're not getting deported.
But we're getting killed and
discarded in the middle of the sea.
I protested and killed everyone.
But I could only save twenty.
The labour leader who was the
heart and soul of the labourers...
...mercilessly killed the bosses
responsible for it.
The boss's name was Xavier.
That is your father.
The labour leader who killed him was...
Deva!
Devaraj!
Me!
The company's name is Seven Seas.
And the location was Mandwa.
Simon, I thought you did
a background check on me.
You did not do a good job, though.
She's not Rajashekar's daughter.
She's my daughter!
You kept harping about
knowing me from somewhere.
Still, can't you figure it out?
Guards!
Guards, that girl--
Sir?
Hey!
-Sir?
-Go and check.
Guards!
Back then, you killed my father
and became a hero.
I was a child then.
Now, bring it on!
Yes! I came here to find
my friend's killer.
But you are worse than your father.
If I let you live...
...my labourers won't stay alive.
After you're done killing me...
...one man will come looking for you.
Let him come.
I'll face him.
Sir! Sir!
They have arrived, sir.
As I mentioned, he is here.
Hey, kill that girl now.
Freaking, remove her heart now.
Brother, we are done here.
-This lab--
-Hey!
Destroy it!
♪ You out of your mind, brah
If you think you can go ♪
♪ Really? You toe-toe with coolies?
Hysterical! ♪
♪ Packin' the tools for cruels,
Smackin' the sense in your ♪
♪ Homies, these brutal lessons
You can't even take 'em home ♪
♪ Y'all cannot touch this,
Before you drop lifeless ♪
♪ Bow before the highness,
Lion maulin' you hyenas ♪
♪ Yeah, this is our dynasty,
Warriors finest ♪
♪ You came to the wrong hood,
This is where you get minused ♪
Simon is dead.
Retrieve his body
and bring them to me.
Roger that!
[in Spanish] Sir, the safety was on.
Safety...
[in Hindi] I have killed the enemies.
What about the traitors?
As per the syndicate norms...
Behead him.
POLICE BRUTALITY
DOWN! DOWN!
WE WANT JUSTICE!
GO AWAY!
We won't let any Police official inside.
Go away.
This is a labourer's matter.
♪ Let the galleries roar with joy ♪
♪ Let the whistles soar
Now ♪
Xavier!
You promised to deport 100 labourers,
but you killed them...
and ordered to
discard them in the sea.
Despite knowing my traits,
you dared to mess with me.
Hey, don't die so soon.
You should die in front of the labourers.
♪ Coo, Coo, Coolie Powerhouse ♪
♪ Your popularity will never fade ♪
♪ Youngsters, Elders, Newbies,
Innocents, and Young Ladies ♪
♪ All're in love with you ♪
♪ Coo, Coo, Coolie Powerhouse ♪
♪ Say my name ♪
♪ Your popularity will never fade ♪
♪ Goddamn, right ♪
♪ Youngsters, Elders, Newbies,
Innocents, and Young Ladies ♪
Mom, it's Dad. Mom, it's Dad.
Mom, it's Dad!
Kakkar!
You may own this ship,
police, and the government.
But the uniform-wearing labourers...
...are my men.
♪ He's fierce Like Electricity ♪
♪ He's a Bad Boy ♪
♪ You have incited the Fire ♪
He died!
♪ It's the Superstar's Powerhouse ♪
♪ His magnetic gaze is dangerous ♪
♪ Youngsters, Elders, Newbies,
Innocents, and Young Ladies ♪
♪ Say my name ♪
[in Hindi] Is he powerful than my father?
♪ His magnetic gaze is dangerous ♪
♪ Goddamn, right ♪
Is he powerful than my father?
The most famous labour union leader.
Deva!
-How are you, brother?
-I'm good.
I reckon you haven't forgotten my name.
Of course, I know.
Hey, untie them.
I was told that you were dead.
Dad!
Deva is alive.
[in Hindi] When I took over the business,
I looked for you.
I looked for you and your team.
Not just in the country
but across the world.
I couldn't find you people anywhere.
I wanted to make you my right hand.
Now tell me,
will you stand with me?
I will let you know...
I want to talk to your father.
♪ It's time for Thalaivar's entry ♪
♪ Let him pen down the history
Now ♪
♪ Mountains will crumble and fall ♪
♪ D I S C O ♪
♪ DISCO, DISCO ♪
♪ Let the galleries roar with joy ♪
♪ Let it roar ♪
♪ Let the whistles soar
Now ♪
♪ Soar now ♪
♪ Let the applause bring down the roof ♪
♪ Bring down the roof ♪
♪ Let all be conquered... ♪
♪ Now! ♪
♪ D I S C O ♪
♪ DISCO, DISCO ♪
Kakkar, it's been ages since we met.
You know me very well.
What I mentioned back then,
explain it well to your son too.
If anything were to happen to the innocent
labourers because of your business...
I'm warning you to take care of your son.
-Understood?
-Nothing will happen, sir.
I promise. I promise.
No?
No, problem.
Dahaa, good news!
Everything is settled.
♪ Coo, Coo, Coolie Powerhouse ♪
♪ Your popularity will never fade ♪
Dahaa!
He's mine to kill!
♪ Let the galleries roar with joy ♪
♪ Let the whistles soar
Now ♪
♪ Let the applause bring down the roof ♪
♪ Let all be conquered
Now ♪
Wow!
What is it called?
Beedi.
Do you have more?
Thank you.
Thirty years...
I've had someone on standby
offline for thirty years.
If he comes to know...
You, your Boss, and your Boss's Boss...
...will be chopped down to shreds!
In the afterlife,
what would you tell Rajasekar?
Power House.
[in Hindi] Why did you dig such a big hole?
He's likely to come back
from the dead.
He's evil!
Brother!
[in Hindi] It feels happy to
avenge your friend's death.
But I'm yet to avenge my friend's death.
I spared your life and your team's.
Because, to me...
...business comes first.
So, tell me.
When are you joining me?
This time,
don't take too long to decide.
I don't want to...
return to India once again.
Son, I'm going to repeat myself.
If any harm is caused to the labourers...
Don't make me come to Mexico
looking for you.
-Thank you.
-Thanks, sir.
We're leaving.
Go and check-in if not,
we'll be late.
Sir, when you were working in the union...
What was your Coolie number?
Is Rajashekar your father
for all three of you?
Yes, sir.
Sir, sister...
Labourers who worked with you...
Do you know to whom
Coolie number 5821 belongs?
Thousands were working in the port.
I don't know who it belongs to.
Oh... okay.
We were angry at you because
of what our Dad told us about you.
But if Dad is watching over us now...
He will forgive you, sir.
Thank you so much, sir.
Any problem...
...one phone call.
And I'll be there.
Sir, can I...
...call you, uncle?